rats right come on in paint excuse me
out the way by the dugout and MP and the
MP warps out and I shall we go on it
paid had he heard it and turn around
that gave me the thumbs up and that that
stayed with me forever
that is what I've got a buzz I sit next
to someone a mate and I over there in
the NF block and he's a mate now and I
didn't know him before when I started
coming all I would hear is him shouting
I just think you know this lice i rekt
rekt and I never heard him say anything
else it was at halftime with excuse me
sorry excuse me out the way it's
completely different voice that's what
comes out with your when you're shouting
at the red but obviously there's no else
like it but even away fans when you meet
away fans all of them all of them look
forward to this game all of them look
forward to coming to Loftus Road the
atmosphere here is it's like nothing
else oh yeah so rammed in and when they
transcribe it's just there's nothing
like okay for what no down charlie score
- that was incredible I've actually got
friends this a bit sad but I've got a
framed picture of just the fixture on my
wall like it's just amazing nothing like
it's a walk around Shepherds Bush after
that game being won the corner of the
pub shout yours and then for the other
side of that part do you or that for
just to travel round Shepherds Bush like
this amazing I always come early well I
watch them trade want to players try
that so no one else is here I'm just
watching a lip and men good so yeah I
think that's a rich will get early and
hot dog you know oh sorry the main one
the main one this is really strange I
don't drink I don't keep you up does
there need to because that's that's the
buzz is what you keep you up
but halftime hot chocolate no honestly